Adding a compatibility mode to ease migration usages (#2673)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

  - Added `format` method to `DataFrameReader` and `DataFrameWriter` to specify file format when loading or unloading results.
  - Added `load` method to `DataFrameReader` to work in conjunction with `format`.
  - Added `save` method to `DataFrameWriter` to work in conjunction with `format`.

>   - Added support to read keyword arguments to `options` method for `DataFrameReader` and `DataFrameWriter`
> - Allow setting custom properties in `session.conf` to allow similar usages to ease migration scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added support to read keyword arguments to `options` method for `DataFrameReader` and `DataFrameWriter`.
- Allow setting and reading custom properties in `session.conf`.
```

  df = copy(df)
  df.select(col("b").alias("c"))  # threw an error. Now it's fixed.
  ```
- Fixed a bug in `Session.create_dataframe` that the non-nullable field in a schema is not respected for boolean type. Note that this fix is only effective when the user has the privilege to create a temp table.
- Fixed a bug in SQL simplifier where non-select statements in `session.sql` dropped a SQL query when used with `limit()`.

> - Fixed a bug that raised an exception when session parameter `ERROR_ON_NONDETERMINISTIC_UPDATE` is true.

Reviewer: there are too many changes in changelog. are they really necessary? can we roll them back?

Author: Those changes were already in main branch.

Reviewer: I fixed it.
